Removed periods and fixed spelling mistakes (#103)
yewstack/docs: src/concepts/html/README.md

2. An empty `html! {}` invocation is valid and will not render anything
3. Literals must always be quoted and wrapped in braces: `html! { "Hello, World" }`
{% hint style="info" %}

> The `html!` macro can reach easily the default recursion limit of the compiler. It is advised to bump its value if you encounter compilation errors. Use an attribute like `#![recursion_limit="1024"]` to bypass the problem. See the [official documentation](https://doc.rust-lang.org/reference/attributes/limits.html#the-recursion_limit-attribute) and [this Stack Overflow question](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/27454761/what-is-a-crate-attribute-and-where-do-i-add-it) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `html!` macro can reach easily the default recursion limit of the compiler. It is advised to bump its value if you encounter compilation errors. Use an attribute like `#![recursion_limit="1024"]` in the crate root (i.e. either `lib.rs` or `main.rs`) to overcome the problem. See the [official documentation](https://doc.rust-lang.org/reference/attributes/limits.html#the-recursion_limit-attribute) and [this Stack Overflow question](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/27454761/what-is-a-crate-attribute-and-where-do-i-add-it) for details.
```

Reviewer 2: ~~What's the suggested change here? I don't see anything bolded.~~
Never mind. I see that it was rewritten now. Cheers

Reviewer: It's not 100% related – I've just changed it to say `Use an attribute like `#![recursion_limit="1024"]` in the crate root (i.e. either `lib.rs` or `main.rs`) to overcome the problem.` instead of `Use an attribute like `#![recursion_limit="1024"]` to bypass the problem.`. 
This can also go in a separate PR.

Reviewer: Our line lengths are too long – I'm going to open a PR to fix this because it's currently *really* tricky to see diffs in PRs.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for explaining. 😃 I'm teaching @dirkpuge how to contribute to open source projects starting with these small changes to get the hang of GitHub. He said he will follow-up a bit later on the other thread for the titles.

Reviewer 2: Love Yew btw! It's such a cool project.

Reviewer: @non-binary I totally agree! Best of luck to both yourself and @dirkpuge with your endeavour!
We're currently a bit behind on documentation compared to the wealth of features we have – thanks for contributing!

Reviewer 2: Thank you!
